Updated_Point_Clouds.mdx (#253)
johko/computer-vision-course: chapters/en/Unit 10 - Synthetic Data Creation/point_clouds.mdx

- This file format is based on the COLLADA (COLLAborative Design Activity) XML schema which is an open standard XML schema for the exchange of digital assets among graphics software applications
- The format's biggest selling point is its compatibility across multiple platforms.
- COLLADA files aren't restricted to one program or manufacturer. Instead, they offer a standard way to store 3D assets.

> # Let's Start working on Point-Clouds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Let's Work on Point Clouds
```

We can load different styles of Point-Clouds using the [point-cloud-utils](https://github.com/fwilliams/point-cloud-utils) library, like this:

> There is more information also available in the [point-cloud-utils](https://github.com/fwilliams/point-cloud-utils) library itself!

Reviewer: Maybe you can remove this because it's between "like this:" and the example that follows
```suggestion
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

import point_cloud_utils as pcu

# Load mesh vertices and faces

> vertices, faces = pcu.load_mesh_vf("path/to/mesh")

Reviewer: We might do something like give links to point cloud files and load with requests.get instead of leaving it to users

# Load mesh vertices and per-vertex normals
vertices, normals = pcu.load_mesh_vn("path/to/mesh")

# Load mesh vertices, per-vertex normals, and per-vertex colors
vertices, normals, colors = pcu.load_mesh_vnc("path/to/mesh")

# Load mesh vertices, faces, and per-vertex normals
vertices, faces, normals = pcu.load_mesh_vfn("path/to/mesh")

# Load mesh vertices, faces, per-vertex normals, and per-vertex colors
vertices, faces, normals, colors = pcu.load_mesh_vfnc("path/to/mesh")
```

> Why dont you, as practice, try to load some 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can load some point clouds to start practising.
```

In general, the [Barycentric Coordinate System](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barycentric_coordinate_system) is a pretty important FileSystem, due to:

> - ** Homogeneous **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Homogeneity**
```

    - Barycentric coordinates represent a point's position within a triangle. If you multiply these coordinates by any non-zero number, you still get the same point's position. 
    - It's like saying if you know how far along each side you are, it doesn't matter if you measure in meters, centimeters, or any other unit; your position relative to the triangle's vertices remains the same.

> - ** Unique ** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Uniqueness** 
```

    - For every point inside a triangle, there's only one set of barycentric coordinates that tells you how far along each side you are. 
    - Again, it's like saying if you're somewhere inside a triangle, there's only one combination of distances to each vertex that describes exactly where you are.

> - ** Affine-Invariant **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Affine Invariance**
```

    - Barycentric coordinates don't change even if you move, rotate, or resize the triangle.
    -  So, if you're at the same position inside a triangle, your barycentric coordinates won't change no matter how you move or change the triangle's shape.

So, here we see that we can use the barycentric Coordinates, to generate random samples on a mesh, just as an example

> ```bash 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
